# Distributed Federated Learning Protocols
An ERC-20 token accesses federated learning protocols on-chain for systems to train algorithm models on users personal health records that professionals embed into updated models of health care practice. Users receive token transactions as incentive to participate in federated learning rounds with a long-term roadmap to developing cryptographic-based insurance solutions. These mechanisms lay the basis for a learning health system creating a return of value in the form of new systems technologies input into updatable, adaptable and scalable models of healthcare practice. Token transactions are passed directly into users’ digital wallets to fund access to healthcare provision with a roadmap to developing cryptographic-based insurance solutions. A long-term roadmap seeks to remove entry barrier-thresholds to healthcare access and lays the foundations for universal coverage that would not, for example, rely on government subsidy.

Health systems (i.e. AI startups; i.e. AI-Diagnostic tools, Medical Imaging Segmentation, AI- Clinical Decision Support Systems) are provided entrance into a decentralized healthcare network using ERC-20 tokens to train their models (i.e. algorithms) on federated learning protocols distributed on-chain. Users opt-in to federated learning protocols via permissions held on-chain using smart contracts that are called to their personal health record databases held on local devices (i.e. laptop, mobile). Systems embed their algorithm models into real world models of health practice (i.e. clinical care pathways) using their blockchain based identities as health care professionals seek to combine supportive technologies, such as decision systems, into the provision of health care to run on users’ personal health records. A shift in focus to deliverable, scalable models of healthcare is supported, with new technologies to maximise efficiency, reduce cost, and build cumulative provision across a decentralised intelligence health network.
